(The first shooting day in Prague with the curse of HaSeul)
(and the girls are beautiful again)
HaSeul : Every members got earrings except me
HaSeul : I have nothing. So, will some company give me some earrings?
HaSeul : Please give me earrings
HaSeul : that will suit me fine!
(Even though it keeps raining in Prague, the landscape looks like a fairy tale!)
HyunJin : About 200 years ago, everything began in the city!
(At that time, the bus is lurching!)
(Everything is funny to the girls!)
(And the photo shoot is going well!)
HyunJin : I… I’ve seen the mountain is crying
HaSeul : I taught her that line!!
HaSeul : That line was my first line I memorized
HaSeul : when I learned a little bit about drama
(She trying to immerse herself in acting…)
HaSeul : I.. I’ve seen the mountain is crying...
HaSeul : It was too cold…
HyunJin : HaSeul’s first terrible acting in 2017!!